okay wow they're instantly streaming
again so we don't waste time good stuff
are you extreme Egan yes let's just uh
let's just skip intro people know who we
are what we do say what's it so for the
outro if you don't done you know this
miss Travis he has a beard and does
interviews Emily brick she always looks
like this and tramp and Marx does ophea
Smashburger hi everyone and welcome to
head over of the show because I'm
getting kicked out of my hotel room very
shortly I'm going to take too much time
introducing interview but really quickly
mark their minutes and most of the blame
game just suffer I'll find TV GG I think
they go over the GG that's just a
horrible fucking social media oh thank
you think yeah I'll find to be then
there's also Emily ran who is a former
Yahoo
eSports writer and now writes for
everyone else in the entire world and
then you also have a Kelsey motor here
from China and she's actually in Germany
now so the fact that we didn't take the
foremost expert and also other thing so
I want to caution and warn all of my
friends that watch this show all you
wonderful Europeans because oftentimes
you get angry in the comment my videos
whenever I celebrate North American now
empowerment and success and you get very
frustrated and I just want to say so
that maybe you and I are in a better
place you shouldn't watch this episode
and you talking about recital I suppose
you guys lost riff rivals I want them to
watch it okay well we're going to be
talking about all that and more and of
course the very first topic
is no one else believed and I got it
right I don't see that the first topic
on the top of this dress yeah well it's
the hidden secret first topic you guys
I've scraped by the video that I put out
on Twitter there hi everybody else was
like oh yeah North America's if they're
going to way he laughed and scored me I
think we're lost episode I was
complaining about how shit your top
European teams are in general but you
know yes doubting them
I knew use yeah I kind of learned right
not at rift rival Lewis that I was
doubting them for sure I will I will not
take credit final predictions but I
think that like immortals and the top na
teams are performing better going to the
tournament but I wasn't sure on the
trajectory of like TSM and c9 cuz I felt
like it was soon and no one expected p1
so well good thing if p1 played anything
like they've been playing the first four
weeks of the LCS then Europe probably
wins more games but TSM still wins and
then there's like you also have I'm sure
will pedigree or that really quickly
what if p1 was just playing as well as
they always do it's just that they only
had to play good Serbian team so that is
not true I mean since you are not there
at the event Travis I got to interview
the NA people for you you know and they
were all saying yeah we just started
playing really weird and really well and
they were like surprised by their own
ability to play wow like suddenly it's
like it's like normally in North America
it's really hard to win and like we
actually have to try it all I like how
the Travis is trying to take credit for
just like facetiously being a contrary
and like no I really predicted this guy
there was no boy was it was I just
kidding okay enjoy America gave its own
shrine of applause thank you whoo thank
you alright but that that kind of does
really Josh yeah the does what I do my
wife is in a Papa from Europe
so this is my topic but it's you know
pretty pretty broad thing we can jump in
it's just what did na do better than he
you and like why they won and I mean
obviously you can go there better teams
or yeah I think when I was watching the
broadcast it felt like almost after
every game there was the analyst desk in
the European players honey analyst desk
just looks at and they like yeah and
they just they teamfight better and
they're proactive and blah blah blah and
I want to know you know what your guys
opinion was on X I I have a I have a
take I guess I just go first I'll just
go first yeah um so I feel like ever
since like loco join TSM in season four
TSM has been like the closest team in
North America specifically for a little
while at least to like want to be like a
Korean team in terms of like how they
approach the game and doing like set
plays and mid jungle priority and this
and that and I feel like they kind of
brought some of that influence to na and
how they approach the game and like the
second and third place na teams have
always kind of been a little different
up until because like hi wa c9 which was
very different and then once they
eventually got rid of hi and they're in
the format they are now they are also
kind of playing like to like a slow
steady calculated play and I feel like
for the most part Europe has not
generally gone for that approach they've
always been kind of like the ones with
the more creative picks the creative
play styles they go for the crazy stuff
and I think this time around just like
the North American teams excluding P
ones they're not at all like TSM rc9
they like the controlled style just kind
of overtook the creativity and they're
just like no we're going to grind you
out and we go for an ashram in another a
share of it and that we're going to keep
doing like this kind of play style and
you're going to lose do it you can come
a lot marks like you're going along with
that reddit thing where na just tries to
be Korea no I don't think I don't know
to be free I think it's just a mentality
that like na has adopted that I don't
think uu is quite the same level we're
like we're pretty hard focused on like
set plays and like going for like
coordinated
team stuff and like working with mid
priority and doing this and I feel like
like unicorns of love just want a
teamfight mid that's not like like our
style necessarily we try and like build
up to a play and execute that play
okay sorry Emily oh I was just going to
say I think so in every region and then
go believe with SK Telecom whenever
there's a really successful team I think
to your point mark arrests of the region
so domestically or in the case of larger
more successful team like SKT a lot of
people try to copy their play style and
I think I do think you see that with c9
and I think one of the one of the things
that really worked for North American
teams at this tournament was the jungle
mid I don't even want to say synergy but
just the way that the jungler and the
mid laners worked together to establish
mid priority I think that was he made a
huge difference a lot of North American
victories I think it was really telling
so like my and I brought this up in a
video Kelsey and I did where I go into
like further depth with this but I think
it's really telling that cloud 9
looked so strong in the early game just
because they'd have Jenson pushing which
allowed contracts to pretty much do
whatever he wanted um and if you looked
at c9 in North America they were not
early focused team at all so um I think
there was a little bit of I think
European teams generally seeded a lot of
pressure mid and that really helped out
with the way that specifically cloud
nine and TSM approached the game from
the mid lane and the junglers after la
you can't control me walk in Swiss chat
says what happen to Emily it sounds
terrible it's like a drawing I'm really
sick right now and so we're using and
drawing us or the pasta maker image I
drew it it's a rotoscope 2 version of me
legged on my tablet anyway I think also
to that point that the you midlane pick
priority and stuff was really bizarre
because I've been kind of going for a
lot of teams have been playing these
really high engaged styles and that's
true everywhere is that you're playing a
lot of engagements because you can get
away with it because the itemization and
everything else but then the EU teams
have been playing because these engage
styles and they'd work really really
well they kind of feel like it doesn't
matter how much bleed we get someone
will just get caught out mid gain and
then we team right there so we may as
well fight like these scaling hyper
carries like twitch and so they also go
for scaling nudes and I feel like that's
the wrong lesson that fnatic learned
when they lost to rock at the split and
that's why like they kind of drifted
away from this sideline pinch style
which I actually don't think is that
good because when you show inside lines
and that's when you have like the
engagement but I think that they can
still play with strong side lines they
just also need to understand that you
can't split push without mid priority
and you can't like then say oh no we're
losing because we're losing the maiden
late-game teamfights because we're
showing side lanes so we should pick a
scaling cop and give up all mid pressure
so we don't even get ahead which is what
I feel like the wrong lesson that fnatic
learned going into rift rivals and it's
really telling about how the matches
played out is that I just feel like a
lot of the teams didn't really
understand what they were doing like
they knew something was wrong before the
tournament but they didn't really
understand what was wrong if that makes
sense yeah in the twitch chat where
feriss drink decaf says wait is no one
going to mention that Andy has actually
been letting Park coach I mean they've
been doing well yeah yeah I mean usually
Andy does let let parse coach and then
you know they start losing and then he
needs to come in and save them I think I
mean I'm half joking but I think during
their summer split last year Andy was
relatively hands off with when well
was there and I don't say I mean like
he's always hands-on at international
events you'll see him in like the shots
all the time but I don't know how active
he's being yeah all right moving on is
that so is that all of Y in a outperform
to be you I think P one's a little bit
of us yeah yeah that was out the big
difference between TSM but P one is just
like the complete opposite where it's
just like we're going to fight over and
over and over and over Mike Young is
just going to run wild and we're going
to pick like really scrappy champions
who like power spike at one item or
don't really need Ultimates to fight
like Corki is completely non ultimate
reliant and he wants to fight and like
once I guess Triforce is good to go I do
think that's related though because even
when like you oh and fnatic just take
the lanes that seat in all priority and
then even when people were super
praising like G chooser Lee game against
p1 all they did was they would gank top
and snowball and they didn't even really
back up the pressure that they had is
vision or things like this and then it
felt like p1 we're getting just as much
control just by having like strong Lane
matchups environment so I think that
it's it felt like the EU teams weren't
really backing up with River control
when they did have Lane priority and a
lot of times they didn't have Lane
priority because of four matchups and so
or just like poor coordination with the
jungler so that's why p1 could get away
with like all of these I mean in my
opinion kind of bad in tapes and just
really snowball from there so I think
that that's to me that's kind of a also
part of it feeds into the same thing is
that you just like had zero respect for
mid priority at all or anything like
this anything else
I know are we lucky to are a bit
different as well because I do think
that they understood and they were
actually trying to play this style
because they've also been kind of like
the TSM with the focus on like direct
play they had like the jungle made but
their execution was really bad and every
time you have a high engagement of perks
gets caught and expect gets caught like
24/7 it's the same problem and last
summer so I think that's like a slightly
separation anything else on how na I
perform too you know okay moving on to
the next topic which is na junglers any
units so yeah this is my topic I kind of
just wanted to talk a little bit about
like this feeds into the original topic
so I wanted to put it right after which
is that everyone was like really hard
praising na junglers and they're saying
oh you maids are actually much worse
than I expected so I wanted to ask a
little bit if we felt like this was an
individual player issue or something
else I'm not sure it's an individual
player issue I also kind of take issue
with like being like EU mids but not
including Jensen and beers I know
they've been playing in a really long
time but they were good players that we
kind of took out other ecosystem and
brought into our own and then it's like
and that they've been here for so long
yeah I don't know argument is always
like after you've been here for a year
like you could Forge by na silic you and
your now you're down in a flare no I
mean yeah we're saying they're few mids
but like innate humans or something cuz
even Rio is technically like played in
e4 and everything else so that was like
part of the joke so yeah and my point is
like I agree that they're more na than
they are
EU if there's like some weird scale but
just that like if you think about how
much talent of EU mid laners that north
America has siphoned out of there like
thing about how stacked you use midlane
pool would be if Pearson Jensen and Rio
were still over there
yeah but Marta that they'd be as good if
they had been forged in North America
who knows Travis yeah so I'm just saying
like the talent pool has been somewhat
diminished in Europe middling just
because we had taken so many wares like
if someone was doing the same thing to
North American junglers like I Akkadians
no longer here and Mike Young gets
picked up and we're left with like
smithy and like Doc and those are like
our two junglers like they can
underperform and then you know yeah but
I would from a practical perspective I
think Kelsey's asking like realist uh
REU mids like yes occurred european
midland yeah I got you know I mean does
what's your thought oh yeah you can
answer first if you want uh would sort
of self answer for a side okay a
different thought in mind
well I'm Emily I was kind of like a
cross that was kind of to the point was
I mean I don't think it's individual
players specifically I guess it's how I
feel because like you think like the
ways in which the any teams were playing
the game was more to the point like I
growl I think has gotten really lazy
about studying the by matchups like
super lazy about it to the point where
he'll play like a handfuls because I
mean we thought him that I am and he had
like a better grasp of how to play like
the matchups that even she was playing
against bjergsen oh and then so I think
it's just like and he admitted yeah I've
gotten kind of lazy about this and
everything else I think that there's
some of that and why are we picking like
a nippy on fnatic side and I just really
kind of strange what the European teams
thought was good versus what that agent
thought was good and what ended up being
successful so to me it was less like
we're criticizing the individual players
for being bad and more just like the
overall composition but I think you can
make an argument to say okay maybe the
talent level and na is higher than
people were saying it was
I'm oh it's really weary of jungle
talent and I know we said this again I
talked about this in one of our videos
but jungling is something that is just
as much on the team like in terms of
successful jungling it's something that
a lot on the team as opposed to the
individual jungler so for example with
Mike Young doing so well we even pointed
out that he got away with a lot of
somewhat risky invades because of either
poor mid lane matchups on the European
side or really bad vision control
especially in the river where the
jungler will be crossing to do an invade
in the first place however I think that
Mike Young has a lot of raw talent and I
also think part of it is the team so
like I said vision control the fact that
ex-special played really well in their
bot lane is finally drawing more
pressure again or at the very least
keeping the lane pushed I think that all
ties into whether a jungler is
successful or not um so I don't really
see it as like an individual talent pool
thing especially with like I'm
especially leery of junglers
specifically because even in Korea you
have junglers who are massively talented
coming out of so of you and they fail
because they do really dumb things and
they're never taught a lot of things or
they don't receive help in the form of
pushing lanes or vision rotations or
coordination with the support stuff like
that so beyond like I'm glad I'm glad
everyone yeah you played a part out at
my house okay - sure Oh anemic so I'm
glad Mike Young did well but I think you
also have to recognize a lot of other
things that are going on on that team
that contributed to his success so r:u
pushing the mid lane special and Aero
drawing pressure and just generally
looking a lot better
a special head of phenomenal tournament
actually so
I think that also has a lot to do with
it like it's a it's also a teen thing
yeah but just on the topic of Mike Young
I do you think he deserves a little bit
more credit than you're potentially
giving him just because before he joined
the team had literally no like style and
how they wanted to play the game other
than like I hope we don't get rolled so
hard and arrow falls so far behind that
you can't carry us and now he's like in
a special interview he said like when
Mike Young came in he was very vocal
about how he wanted to play the game it
didn't sound like a rookie and so I
think you know Mike Young was like
listen I want to play like with no fear
I want to get in there I just want to
fucking fight people so we're going to
pick a lot of like relatively strong
scrappy early young champions and then
if they don't have they haven't snowball
the game completely at least he's
hopefully bought enough room for like
arrow and Reid to actually scale and
select those kind of late-game good
carries that they are so like while
obviously he needs a team that can get
behind him and give him this good
information a lot of these guys are very
experienced and that probably is much
better than like if a team of reviews
were built up and tried to play this
play style I agree but he is still I
think like the kind of linchpin entirely
of why that team has been able to play
well at all that's fair I'm always
really weary of quickly rating
coming out of so with you so like I
think a lot of that is on me because I
always approach a success like this with
a lot of cautious optimism so it's not
like I don't want Mike Young to do well
and I'm not like trying to shit on him I
just think generally especially with
junglers I try to wait to see a more
full body of work I do think it speaks
really well to him and his attitude that
he's able to perform so well this
tournament when everyone was just saying
that p1 was going to be a dumpster fire
I also think that's like that just
speaks well with his I don't even know
if attitude but like confidence and his
own play yeah I think it does huh I have
no idea what Travis just said I'm gonna
do I water my dad really low that's
better yeah this you should keep the
microphone in your mouth or like can you
clip it onto your beard so the
clip right here Mike Young is the
greatest jungler to ever exist that's
what I said I was anxious I mean I just
probably move on though we've got doing
okay Bri
I was just going to say I think there
are some warning signs like the fact
that he does think shit I does feel like
he thinks he can outplay basically
anyone and he can take all these risks
that most people won't get away with he
can build the supercar and everything
else I think there are some warning
signs for Mike but he might might need
to fill out and become more well-rounded
about it I do think that you can
definitely say he's talented at this
point so that's good okay international
event scheduling yeah so I just wanted
to since it's been a topic before and
since we obviously it was announced but
I am as often be having League of
Legends events for the foreseeable
future
how did we how do we generally feel
about rift rivals how did a how do you
think like the overall events went were
they successful were they competitive
that kind of stuff because I know like a
lot of teams and I'm not even singling
out any region but like most teams going
to their respective events we're kind of
like okay this is a fun tournament in
the middle of the split where we can go
and get experience or whatever you had
even like a few Korean team saying that
so this isn't about whether teams took
the tournament itself too seriously but
like what do we think of this scheduling
is it awkward because it's in the middle
of the season how sick general do you
guys think the overall event was I it's
personal I wanted to do with Travis
talks titled something like we wanted
more international events but this isn't
what we wanted and now I feel like I
can't just because I feel like people
really like rift rivals and none of the
players we're vocal about being in order
to be there or anything like that even
though I'm sure some of them were and so
it's kind of this weird thing where like
I don't think this is the way to do and
if I you don't do it like right you know
it's just literally just a handful of
weeks before
summer playoffs which qualifies you to
Worlds and you don't do it with like
some teams that aren't talked to you
like we sent over this weird mix of
teams that like our best team in the
region is not actually there you know
and there's a world where like there's a
world where like geez like there was a
world here where we should have had like
three terrible na teams and three
amazing EU teams like I almost feel like
riot got really lucky with what happens
here and I feel like if na had gotten
shit on like the whole obviously North
American fans would feel bad about it
but I don't even think European fans
would feel like great about this event
so I just like it's frustrating because
I'm sure this will be seen as a huge
success internally but I don't feel like
this is the right way to hold an
international event I just can't do
Travis talks about it because
everybody's gonna be like this was the
greatest event ever how dare you Travis
yeah I think this is like a completely
results-oriented like I enjoyed this
event kind of thing because the
invitation was so far into like you use
favor that like when you know the
opposite happens of course you enjoy it
it's the upsets the underdog story great
so I feel like yeah it was successful
event because of what happened but when
you look at a lot of other things you
don't want to say it was like great like
what like Travis I hear pros complaining
about it who you would think would be
the most vocal group to dislike it which
I was kinda surprised about but maybe
it's like a thing you know where like
you can't complain publicly too much
yeah I suspected about that also was
that there were a lot of messages to
young players who went right there was
like on a lot of the na EU teams in
particular there are a lot of young
players who I think there was more
complaints from like the Korean teams
but in the na EU wanted to SEC which
goes along with your theory because they
are all I really wanted to get yes but
you have you have like a lot of players
who haven't been to an international
event before and they're like yeah this
is really cool you know like I felt like
there were a lot of players like that
because I mean the well fnatic all haves
players who
our young and haven't been to an
international event before see 9q1 all
have players who are really young and
haven't been to an international event
before so I think that there was a lot
of like enthusiasm from those kinds of
players a little bit and like the more
veterans on the team
all right fine whatever yeah that kind
of situation so I think I think's also
the kind of thing we're like in the
coming weeks if we see any of the teams
that went to restrain a like or even
like other regions who had to do the
travel coming back and slumping a little
bit just from like the additional strain
of travel and all that stuff maybe see a
little bit more grumblings then where
it's just like well it's nice that we
did well but like fuck I'm tired and now
look we really want to whack two teams
actually did play in Korea last night
that were both at rest rivals Samsung
and MVP MVP actually looked better than
I expected they played one of the last
games at revivals and then they had to
play the first game and they're looking
better even though they lost they took
long doing the t1 and then Samsung looks
bad but they still swept ever so pretty
forever
YAG back but they still have like a lot
of so but I mean that's so there's like
an example of already two teams coming
back and looking like even though MVP
didn't win I think I do think something
happens to them at rift rivals where
beyond this playing a lot better which
automatically kind of makes the team
with feathers and results and then Ricky
seems to actually be communicating with
lanes a lot better I don't know if
that's a result of rift rivals I think
maybe those take that momentum because
they perform better interests about
notes in effects eye and see how Katy
reacts I guess because they were kind of
looking this at this tournament I was
like a breather you know they can relax
and refer
- and ramen lck teens show up and get
beaten into realize by LPL and it's just
like I said a really moody and emotional
team and so they're going to go back to
Korea and kind of be like okay oh that's
not I mean I guess I can also they can
also be like what we want
hey yeah there you go um yeah I think
Katie and skc are going to be bitchy
teens but I'm more curious to see about
how they perform yay
yes actually do you guys think that this
did a good job of setting up storylines
for world um yes and no because like on
the one hand I don't think many teams
were serious like super prep for like I
didn't feel like the European teams
really knew what the NA teams were about
in terms of like today it didn't feel
like they super scouted us and they were
like attacking us and pick/ban phase
that well like so I didn't I wasn't sure
if it was the same level of effort that
they put in on a weekly basis in EU or
what they would do in a bigger
tournament so I think like yeah I think
any show that currently at our level
will probably a little bit better but
it's the kind of thing that like I
wouldn't put too much stock into it
what about in the other regions Kelsey
and Emily uh I think I don't think it
really yeah I'm surprised that the LPL
one but at the same time I'm also aware
that in the current form the some of the
top two LPL teams top two or three LPL
teams can take a game off some of the
top two or three lck teams it just like
shouldn't have happened all in one day
and that was like a really lucky
coincidence but I don't think it's
setting our huge story lines or anything
though when I go on Weibo like I do get
a lot of people asking me oh so feel
really good now like are we supposed to
reach you know
so you're not right nice try yeah
because we know NHS all right how to
improve the event format whose topic was
this how do I so yeah it's just like it
was mine healthy but I kind of wanted to
ask it is their recommendation we give
to make it better because I figured this
would be like all of us complaining
about the timing and how the event was
kind of weird and especially like the
LPL lck event with the single game
format or like I know there were some
complaints on Twitter about na versus EU
because it felt like the na teams we're
just competing against each other for a
better score to go to the final and
maybe as European team game you going to
deserve to be in the final after they
played so poorly in groups so like I
don't know I guess that's kind of my
question is if you could improve a the
rift rival event how would you change it
so I like no no it's right so um I was
going to say I because I'm a serious
person I enjoyed the that we actually
received the best-of-five even it was a
three oh sweets like I really liked that
as opposed to the best of ones again
Kelsey and I talked about a similar
review but we kind of talked about the
different strategies you have to go into
with like a relay best of one format
like what's the Taiwanese Korean and
Chinese team fad as opposed to NAU where
you have the two best teams going to a
best-of-five final I actually as weird
as it is found the the format that the
GPL Oceania and Japanese teams had to be
kind of interesting where they basically
win until you lose which meant that even
though the GPL had the worst Winry they
still had gigabyte Marines which among
the best teams at that tournament
kind of reverse quote-unquote reverse
sweep Oceania their semifinals um so I
think that kind of gives like that's a
weird I don't want to say it happy
medium because I feel like that format
so has shoes but I think that's an
interesting combination of the two if
that makes sense that still makes it
like region versus region because this
isn't supposed to be my understanding of
the event is its rift rivals like it's
not supposed to be team versus team it's
supposed to be region and versus region
right and that's the focus days I
actually was more excited when that was
kind of the structure that na EU won
I understand that brings a lot of
problems where it's like oh we didn't
get to play because our reason just won
without us and now we're going home is
the giant fucking waste of our time it's
like I can understand there's like some
issues still with it but I did like the
more creative aspect of the torment just
like a bunch of best of wanting to a
best of five that said it probably fits
better in like as like a side stage
thing after another tournament or like
you know for all-stars or something it
something structure like that might fit
better there just because it does feel
really weird if that happened we're like
you know p1 surprise surprise actually
pieced it out and then they just beat
all three teams and you're like oh c9
and just go home you're done here yes I
mean we kind of had that anyway right
because you draw out the group stage to
decide the order of the teams and then
you'd have the final day and I mean
enjoy the different format there's still
a chance that like p1 fnatic g2 and c9
play but they're 3rd probably right as
it is right now they're just not going
to yeah I want a format that I think is
kind of I never truly understood what
the original format was but it's like
very much changed immediately but I
would love to see a format where
it's kind of like okay and Starcraft in
GSL they used to have this format where
it was like Teen League great and you
would 17 liquid people and seven uh you
know whatever that's Katie people and
it's like they'd been well really cool
that I'm latest yeah but did they have
but they have a leader who was playing
them like Pokemon I mean but you could
talk about like basic coaches so yes it
which is a scaler together and I decide
who goes first yeah oh my god yeah put
your microphone in your mouth again by
the way so just if they decide to go to
ours so like with the growth with the
out like lck LMS and uh okay uh LPL flat
and then the other Asian format they
basically the coaches select which team
they want so like for the GPL format
like the GPL sent there to worse teams
out they got stomped by spin gaming
Oceania sent out and then GPL sentence
gigabyte Marines who just reverse swept
all three Oceania teams the other Asian
format was slightly different but like
for example in the final you had LPL
specifically fending EDG against Samsung
because that's the matchup they wanted
that's that's the matchup they guess and
that's the matchup they wanted and then
from there it was they chose to feni's
or my understanding if they choose
defend which Keynes they wanted to go
next
it wasn't work I want their hand at a
room you just take that the they did the
interview afterwards where the coaches
said yeah we knew that Samsung would
play first for this reason and we
thought the EDG could do well against
them for this region reason and it made
them sound like these like crafty
masterminds through the entire series it
is just like okay don't forget the
picture of them all huddled around is
like a street lamp at 4 a.m. I'm Jose I
was my favorite part too is like they
said we didn't really prepare or
talk to each other at all before the
event and then we got to the event and
before the semi-final it's like okay
we've only won two games in the group
stage
now unfortunately just like to mention I
like to imagine then the na and EU
coaches trying to sound like masterminds
I don't know if you could do that
miss Hart I just imagine parth walking
away I'd like throwing his hands up in
the air just all right did you see his
reaction when Spence Caron stole the
Barons
yeah yeah she just looks like
disappointed yeah like this is what it
comes to like how we win but uh yeah no
it's good all right so I have I'm now
working on borrowed time because I'm
supposed to get kicked out of the hotel
hotels are nice they're not looking like
what we possibly clean up there it says
p1 come back down this is my tropical so
obviously
jp1 they did super super well and we're
all happy about that like young I think
like you know Kelsey said it's obviously
talented the question is how sustainable
is this and then if it is sustainable
you know where they end up giving that
na is a region has improved because it
kind of felt like last season p1 limped
into third place and playoffs where they
struggled at the end of the season they
had an easy first massive applause got
smashed in the semi finals and then
barely eked out a victory over and also
slumping fly quest so it wasn't super
convincing in now CLG saying better and
more their obvious thing so do you think
p1 will stay kind of surging as they did
it with rivals or are they going to come
back down if they stay surging is enough
to break into the top 4 so the problem
is they're going to come back and that's
like it's other North Americans
oh my kill I think I think I think
they'll drop you know
oh god assemble so this like I like just
in case so it'll take you seriously I
watched the EECS broadcasts
afterwards and there was a segment like
so now when I see you at the sunglasses
I think of the segment where the casters
were saying
after redbull boss they said Red Bulls
gives you wings but they flew too close
to the Sun and it was hot I'm glad uh oh
that's all I was thinking about now
anyway
this makes you alright go oh no go well
I was going to say like realistically
though you know revival seems like such
a chaotic environment less people aren't
they don't have a ton of time to prepare
for it they're like it's a clash of
metas you don't really have a lot of
time to like recover from it it feels
like a place where you have a higher
chance for an upset not that North
America beating you was upset but it's a
world where like everybody has a better
chance of winning or losing so I think
in a more stable system which is like
little general league play you're going
to see a lower chance of people on doing
well I think so there are two things I
look at uh with p1 previously when we
saw them they were a really strong 131
teams love that relied on the new
controlling the Midlands so that
typically media is the kind of G
whatever he wanted and then there
botlane always to pressure like they
were always winning and they usually had
these pretty massive leads it also
helped them out in applying pressure
elsewhere around the map the good thing
about this t1 is that they kind of have
that back right so like I know I keep
harping on the fact that p1 botlane has
improved but because the team had such a
heavy focus on it last split I think
that's a really good thing for p1 they
can just sit back and rely on their bot
lanes you have at least like some
advantage and draw pressure and I think
ex-special and arrow right now are
playing pretty well together
we'll see if because that's like I said
I think this is one of a specials better
performances in years so we'll see if
that keeps up when he comes back to
North America but thus far it looks like
really
really good fit I think to Mark's point
they have a lot more of an identity now
in terms of Mike young coming in and
saying I want to play this style I'm
going to be fast I want to be aggressive
they haven't improved botlane they have
Ryu who kelsey has mentioned this before
and I know she also I think has an
interview coming out with him he does
just so much feather when his side lanes
are pushing so it's kind of all of these
pieces that p1 didn't have when they
looked just absolutely atrocious in the
beginning of the split are now kind of
assembling themselves together all at
the same time I do you think the thing
you have to look at when Phoenix one is
coming back to North America is North
American teams typically Ward a bit more
for those invades that Mike young likes
to do some of which are highly
optimistic so I don't think he's going
to get away with that as much and yes so
I think there's going to be a lot better
than they were like I think they could
be a playoff team because I look at a
lot of other teams in that like middle
region they either lack an identity or
they're just kind of falling very fast
like Dignitas I think is looking very
disorganized right now echo fox has the
same kind of problems that they've had
since their inception so I mean I think
you want as a good as good of a chance
as any of those teams to kind of slide
into that last playoff spot I think the
only thing I'd say is like I think like
Travis was saying I think actually
surprisingly correct on this is that who
they P wanted this event kind of remind
me like gigabyte Marines where they were
like just so much more aggressive than
any other team in attendance I like if
you had never scrim p1 or never played
against them in the LCS before you're
not quite prepared for like those risky
invades because like you said they're
like kind of doubling down on something
and you get so used to playing against
this controlled styled as controlled
style it's like oh now that seems just
to run out the window and they're just
at my rave camp to be killing me over
these for no reason
just because they want to be in my face
so I think I think they benefited from
that a lot and they'll probably look a
little worse than na but I think they're
still like you said because so many
teams are dropping going to make
playoffs do you want to win na LCS
well we're Travis well sure that's all
okay all right uh moving on to the last
topic was LPS been a shock well LPL won
oh my god
yeah I feel one I'm shocked all right I
mean yeah this is what is it do it this
was kind of referring to the the format
for the LPL lck LMS one was really with
like the relay format with best of one
grand final best of one semi-final like
LPL had the worst record in group stage
they went to six so they lost to LMS and
LPL team so they were in the third seed
going to semi-final
maybe LMS three to get primarily on the
back of w e because w e had to play
twice and w ebook beat the top LMS team
twice and then rng won their game also
and then you go into the the next set
which was LPL versus LC k and as soon as
they say it's EDG vs samsung ET g has
been playing like tech terrible the
entire tournament they hadn't want to
gain and my thought is okay this is over
because you could see a scenario where
LPL teams kind of get some good matchups
where they send like their crummy team
against SKT or whatever it is and it
ended up being a DG samsung first WEF
Katie so they actually like match them
up for our second best teams together
like our third that our four best teams
together and LPL won best of ones that
way so is it shocking that the LPL teams
are able to win these best of
or is it just like festive ones it's not
shocking to me although I was surprised
that so like if you ask 10 w eb skp in
the best of one the answers yes I've
seen them do it before at MSI I think I
think best of one allows for you know a
team like WV a team like fossils to go
in and be like we're going to you know
have this very specific or like to your
point with EDG and something I think EDG
went in with a lot stronger draft and a
lot I don't even know if it's better
understanding but they basically they
entered that game knowing what they
wanted to do to fans on right and like
Samsung is not infallible in fact I
think they have a lot of issues that
they haven't necessarily been punished
for um so it's not surprising to me
especially when you take a team like for
example SKT whose greatest one of their
greatest strengths is their ability to
adapt over a series so I would say that
if it came down to like a best-of-five
series like what we had from na knew the
result would have been different but I
have to give this to the LPL because I
think the LPL teams went into those best
of ones with a pretty good idea of what
they wanted to do or like how they could
win if anything I was so funny like a
little bit of a shock just because of
how that group stage went where it was
yeah seemingly very very dominant so
like it felt like they like you
sometimes you know like you watch in it
like a team looks a little lost and it's
like well they're not going to figure
this out that's kind of how I felt like
a little bit watching those especially
like the SKT games especially Edward
gaming I felt like this team yeah how do
you ever anything they're never going to
learn anything they still have the same
problems ahead in 2014 this is over
so my questions will happen to LD how DJ
thing that happened to amazing Jay and
2015 same thing that happened to Mouse
in 2015 but Kashi shopping today is a
family member yeah
yeah I'm sure he did your mom uses I'm
not mocking anyone I'm saying I'm sure
he had a death in the family
Chavis are you gonna take us to the
checkout lady this seems really exciting
I'm suddenly more interested in this and
whether or not na will do whatever holds
this year you know mm-hmm
that a topic right here no okay good
where are we what else do we have we can
talk about that later
Yuri another feather yeah there was
going to be one more but I forgot what
it is and I didn't have time to put it
up so I guess doesn't matter oh gosh the
hoodie dinner right now by the way or
will be rang it was from the only true
global esports lead a hero's global
championship today online yeah but if it
was global as in its one league you know
like yeah I got that that's why I play
online like it China playing North
America no no no you don't be the it's
literally like the same to suddenly just
call it it would be like if all the P if
it was like LC oh oh oh you just warned
the leakage in yeah one league run the
global World Championship League the
questions from chat right now got a
couple seconds this is quality
production being and still just do you
need something other than a TSM banner
to hang up for a silicon
what was that question question we're
not seeing is TSM going away and it's
just na LCS studio needs something other
than the TSM banner to hang up for
summer files that's like oh wait here we
go
a Thai flow Hawk boring question for
Emily and Kelsie do you think that ACK
and misfits would have done better
against na at rivals due to their place
our house or do they have too many folds
what a coincidence we talked about yeah
we actually talked about what do you
teams we thought would do better at
revivals when we did our show so if you
want to see that blowing up today like
it some guys keep right you guys keep
referencing this and then nobody goes on
the YouTube my youtube channel
youtube.com forward slash kar Oh and
moser so the same as my twitter handle
and also in an answer look yeah in short
we we don't necessarily think that it
would have changed the outcome with TFM
winning but we did think that misses and
hgk would have probably looked better
yeah we think that like misfits hgk and
fatality probably had the best
understanding of mid jungle right now
and use so those would be the three
teams that you would send specifically
to deal with that problem okay next
question is fnatic teams are placed out
on this with rivals making benefit GT
more now I think
g2 didn't learn anything from those
events because you can see from their
compositions you can see from what
they're trying to do that they already
know their problems they already know
what they're doing wrong they just don't
know how to fix it so like I don't think
this was that really benefited g2 and
like I would say if I had to pick a team
for this event benefited the least it
would be G to the fnatic question is
just like I think it's a question like
how stubborn do they want to be because
yes because you got exposed by like
these North American teams and now
you're going to lose me get to world I
define necess
early true and nothing's a little like a
little bit of like logical fallacies but
now they can't beat na and as long as
there's still successful an EU it's kind
of up to them like if they want to risk
changing and getting worse I do think
also fnatic when I talked to them and
they had started to change the way they
were playing even before
this because they lost a rocket and
they're looking at answers but I think
that they're changing kind of in a long
way so maybe they learn from distress
rivals and it actually helps when Ash
and last question and this is one for
Emily I'm sure yo yo it's Katie where
else they're going to get their super
team shit together for the summer files
and when lck finals um no oh I don't
think so
John even if scarily looks like the best
team in career right now like as a
caveat she would still say no because I
would just be like eviscerating them
still being what you're doing this and
this wrong um I think Katie are even at
this point aware of their own like
weaknesses like I don't think you can
look at that team especially if you will
get like their games against SKT which I
mean I think people quickly forget that
that series was actually almost a cake
ichiro um I think they are actually
aware of their issues but they keep
doing that and for some users like
they're they're drafting tells me that
they generally pay attention to what
their team would be best on on but I
don't know like I've said this in videos
and I went on a recent cakey rant but
like I just don't see it at this point I
feel like the team would have to look a
bit more cohesive because this is the
split to do it right they have been
together first but like supposedly
spring split was the one where they
could try to figure out their team
coordination and synergy and we're still
not seeing it where so
watching them make a lot of these same
states so really quickly de Barras de
virus at Kelsey let me see your tattoo
on your arm what is it mm Cheyenne who
asks the kt rolster question says wait
what does this tattoo need to see it I
don't know if you want to talk about
your tattoo even have to ensure this one
is just a flower thing I don't know
today's basically I had a tattoo artist
friend and I let her practice on me well
okay finally it is time for Emily Rance
anime pic of the week
fresh off of Anime Expo she's got some
hot pics for you what do you got Emily
um this is going to be like a I guess a
simple uh she died this is going to be
like a holistic so simplistic answer
you've been paying attention to the new
season at all but I followed the manga
for a while and the anime was just
released it actually streamed on Twitch
for free called welcome to the ballroom
it's about ballroom dancing we'll see a
lot of again like I know Kelsey makes
fun of me because I often look at
animation like cinematography character
design so it's a they took the character
designer from hike you see volleyball
anime and it's basically like a very
very like a dynamic very dynamic
animation was like very exaggerated
character designs that will probably
bother a lot of people but I think it
looks really cool in the context of
showcasing lines in ballroom dancing so
yeah it's about a kid that finds himself
in dancing awfully was freaking out
about that and at Anime Expo they had an
area where you could like flavor
promoting that anime they had an area
where they would teach you ballroom
dancing
oh I didn't see what to promote it is
very so anyway that is the show
you can I'm unemployed I've got videos
I'll be health yes probably this over
you can pick it out over at youtube.com
slash State League then we got what Mark
what do you got oh lost some reality TV
show bullshit it's not reality TV show
sissy YouTube channel I am still doing
all the stuff variety I'll be casting
challenger on Thursday I'll be on the
analyst desk on the weekend I'll still
be doing the blame game this week and
then like Trevor said I started working
with scara's household which is him
pokey Lily poke not yoona yoona still
gonna be part of it is just not looking
at the house anymore and we're all just
making videos together having fun and so
it's called offline TV you can check
that out as well alright Kelsi Mouser is
in Germany now what do you got Kelsey oh
yes I'll be doing LTS interviews every
week but transcribed so slightly more
effort
Travis likes to pen and but they'll be
on slingshot Nia CN also continuing to
write features and I'll be doing stuff
on my youtube channel well often now
youtube.com forward slash kar oh and
MLSE are we doing some stuff with Emily
at least and uhm yeah Emily yeah so I
have been doing LCS interviews at North
American LCS because I'm so in Los
Angeles and I'm also doing again like
features and content for ESPN slingshot
I invent global stuff will be coming out
soon on for stuff it I mix em enough um
I guess I guess I'm excited about it I
basically wrote some stuff on Korean
teams at first arrivals I have a thing
on Samsung that should be coming up
tomorrow so if you want to know about
all the problems I have the referencing
Samsung but didn't elaborate on in this
episode you can read that very good well
hey thanks everyone for watching I will
be home next week probably so them while
you Shh acted yes oh my god I wish you
into the sheiks accent so good right now
and I'm like maybe I'll just go on my
own
you know give my craving out of the way
sorry I'm out thank you very much for
watching you can turn off the stream FL
see okay see yes